Updated landing page (#144)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/docs-conceptual/sharepoint-pnp/sharepoint-pnp-cmdlets.md

To view all cmdlets, enter

```powershell
Get-Command -Module PnP.PowerShell
```

### Set and configure credentials ##

> See this [page](https://pnp.github.io/powershell/) for more information on how to use PnP PowerShell and setup various things like the use of a Credential Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See this [page](https://pnp.github.io/powershell/) for more information on how to use PnP PowerShell and to set up various things like the use of a Credential Manager.
```
